extensions & tests (#901)
SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift: CHANGELOG.md

- **String**:
  - Overloaded Swift's 'contains' operator (`~=`) for `String` to check regex matching. [#858](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/858) by [VatoKo](https://github.com/VatoKo)
  - `regexEscaped`, which returns an escaped string for inclusion in a regex pattern

>   - Added `matches(regex:options:)` and the `~= regex` to check directly against NSRegularExpression. Also added `replacingOccurrences(pattern:template:searchRange:)` and `replacingOccurrences(regex:template:searchRange:)` as a more convenient way to replace patterns and NSRegularExpressions. 

Reviewer: If you take my suggested change, you'll also need to move this to `StringProtocol.
```suggestion
  - Added `matches(regex:options:)` and the `~= regex` to check directly against NSRegularExpression. Also added `replacingOccurrences(ofPattern:withTemplate:options:searchRange:)` and `replacingOccurrences(regex:template:searchRange:)` as a more convenient way to replace patterns and NSRegularExpressions. 
```

> [#901](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/901) by [gurgeous](https://github.com/gurgeous)

Reviewer: This should not be on a separate line.
